Now, Jada took the ring, and if your names couldn't have married, give me their location now.
If you're a guy and yourself, Mary really isn't worth risking a safety film.
It's not a place to tell anyone to speak.
I don't understand your problem with the Duke, Mary.
I hate all hypocritical, rich snobs, just like my cheating father.
I hope your Duke isn't like him.
I don't think he'll be disappointed.
Does my little publicize the Duke?
You know the only person I idolize is you.
Mary, I have something to tell you.
The only reason why I'm interested in the Duke is because...
I know, I know that I'm yours.
You're mine.
It's time to stop playing games, okay?
You need to get down to business.
Yeah.
We need to end this once and once.